montana.md:statename: Montana
new-mexico.md:statename: New Mexico
colorado.md:statename: Colorado
pennsylvania.md:statename: Pennsylvania
south-dakota.md:statename: South Dakota
maryland.md:statename: Maryland
new-york.md:statename: New York
kansas.md:statename: Kansas
south-carolina.md:statename: South Carolina
west-virginia.md:statename: West Virginia
iowa.md:statename: Iowa
oregon.md:statename: Oregon
alaska.md:statename: Alaska
wisconsin.md:statename: Wisconsin
minnesota.md:statename: Minnesota
arizona.md:statename: Arizona
virginia.md:statename: Virginia
illinois.md:statename: Illinois
north-dakota.md:statename: North Dakota
delaware.md:statename: Delaware
vermont.md:statename: Vermont
missouri.md:statename: Missouri
utah.md:statename: Utah
alabama.md:statename: Alabama
oklahoma.md:statename: Oklahoma
tennessee.md:statename: Tennessee
indiana.md:statename: Indiana
maine.md:statename: Maine
rhode-island.md:statename: Rhode Island
wyoming.md:statename: Wyoming
washington.md:statename: Washington
idaho.md:statename: Idaho
new-jersey.md:statename: New Jersey
louisiana.md:statename: Louisiana
connecticut.md:statename: Connecticut
north-carolina.md:statename: North Carolina
california.md:statename: California
hawaii.md:statename: Hawaii
mississippi.md:statename: Mississippi
arkansas.md:statename: Arkansas
massachusetts.md:statename: Massachusetts
georgia.md:statename: Georgia
texas.md:statename: Texas
nebraska.md:statename: Nebraska
new-hampshire.md:statename: New Hampshire
nevada.md:statename: Nevada
kentucky.md:statename: Kentucky
ohio.md:statename: Ohio
florida.md:statename: Florida
michigan.md:statename: Michigan
